# ST meeting
# Agenda

- Introduction of new NST member Joel Petit
- Joel to present problems encountered with GYRE_PISCES and ORCA2_ICE_PISCES not running due to input file problem
    - => check input files there: [https://gws-access.jasmin.ac.uk/public/nemo/sette_inputs/](https://gws-access.jasmin.ac.uk/public/nemo/sette_inputs/)
    - ideally GYRE_PISCES should not require any external input files by default
- Clarify/repeat timeline for June NEMO v5 Release Candidate and September NEMO v5 Official Release.
- Announcement: NST meeting 27 June Pierre to deliver a tutorial on a toolbox we can use to standardize our validation efforts. Please circulate/advertise info so that relevant colleagues can join.
- 45 minutes slot to clean up issues and discuss what we do with trends.
    - [Milestone `NEMO 5.0-rc1` (formerly `NEMO 5.0.0`) issues](https://forge.nemo-ocean.eu/nemo/nemo/-/issues/?sort=created_date&state=opened&milestone_title=NEMO%205.0-rc1&first_page_size=100)
    - [Milestone `2023 WP` issues](https://forge.nemo-ocean.eu/nemo/nemo/-/issues/?sort=created_date&state=opened&milestone_title=2023%20WP&first_page_size=100)
- If have time: discuss the integration of bench in SETTE


# Meeting
- GYRE_PISCES and ORCA2_ICE_PISCES not running due to missing input files. 
- Release candidate -> End of June ; Official release -> End of September
- On the next meeting (27th of June) we will have a training on how to use Pierre's toolbox. Share this with people working in validation.
- Discussing unassigned issues and pending merge requests.
- cd 