# ST meeting
- Participants:
	- Katherine Hutchinson
	- Aimie Moulin
	- Clem
	- Daley
	- Francesca
	- Isabella
	- JÃ©rome
	- MERCATOR
	- Pierre
	- Renaud
	- Sibylle
	- Simon
	- Sebastian
- Round on what people are working on:
	- CMCC psyclone on gpu, aiming at gyre now, issues with nvidia compiler.
	- online coarsening with agrif, not sure if will be in nemo 5.
	- Simon working on doing stuff in GPU, specifically on having portability to different GPUs.
	- Seb working on delayed communications.
- Only 7 issues.
	- Beta planned for 29 March. Meeting on the 28th.
	- Trends don't go into NEMO5b.
	- RK3 not tested? Discussing how they are testing it and will merge it.
- Planning the NEMO party:
	- Suggesting to have a hands-on session on psyclone.
	- session about gitlab.
	- Unit test
	- Code clean
	- Tools for testing the code.
	- XIOS3.
	- Bench tests with timings.
	- mixed, single, ...
- They will ask support from ESiWace
- 