# Wrap up
- Summary of the points that were mentioned. Hopefully this document will be shared.

# WG support
- HPC:
	- Italo is about to organize a meeting.
	- There's an active sub-group on GPU. Are we on it?
- Verification and Validation:
	- Need for subgroups (sette, unit test, ...)
- Kernel: Mike step down and Sibylle will take over.

There's a need to improve the WG processes and pages because right now it looks like they are stall and abandoned.