# Mapping knowledge
- We filled a document with the status of how well the different parts of the code are known ([can be found here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1putPbc4GpsQNEyOcmxTU7dUEdOyPDAlxki7JJswtmQ4/edit#gid=0))
# Timings
- Sebas explained that the timings routine used to have significant overhead. The routine has been rewritten to minimise it and also add few features (plotting, more info)
- Adding some mpi statistics that are saved in a netcdf. He showed a netcdf that resembles a trace.

# Gitlab CI 
- Guillaume made a small tutorial on how to setup a local runner and use it.
# XIOS3
- Andrew Coward shows how to use different servers with different purposes. This is documented in the NEMO documentation.  (Already in [the source](https://forge.nemo-ocean.eu/nemo/doc/guide/-/blob/main/source/xios3demo.rst?ref_type=heads) and soon to be in the public userguide).
- He also showed a small script that computes the chunk sizes (x=100,y=100,z=2) based on the target space ( i.e. 20 MB).
- Chunk definition still requires to modify many different configuration files (xmls). 
# Cleanup
- Session about removing obsolete code.
# NEMO progress and developments at the Bureau of Meteorology
- Talk by Christopher Bladwell. At the Bureau of Meteorology (Australia) they are adopting NEMO. He showed few comparisons between NEMO and other models as well as some examples with Data Assimilation. 
  

# Single precision NEMO
 - Presentation by Sam Hatfield.
 - Few changes to make 4.0.6 compile with single.
 - Almost a year fixing bugs (~16).
 - Their results are not very promising with a IFS-NEMO coupling approach with ECWMF style for large configurations. 
 - No impact on ECMWF products (medium to seasonal).

# Discussion Single-Mixed
- Overturning Circulation could be a good test.
- Seems that N5 does not work right now in single precision, Seb mentioned that will try to make it work.
- With the changes made by Sam as well as the other changes it will be interesting to run the analysis again.